Add header component. (#83)
infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs: blocks/init/src/blocks/components/menu/docs/readme.md

# Menu Component

> A component used for rendering WordPress's menu. Comes in 2 variations - vertical and horizontal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A component used for rendering a WordPress menu. It comes in 2 variations - vertical and horizontal.
```
